King!
What now?
Help!
Oh what do you want?
They!
Right..
They took the princess and won't give her back!
Hero should...
Not exist.
Hmm, got it!
Eh?
No need to fear, you be the hero!
Set up, let down!

Jimmying the lock and a brand new stock
Of any old item to get you going!
Party on up and to get you pumped and fight
Oh tell me you're just kidding, right?
Fine so ever if you're in trouble talk to the peasants, okay?
And with a smash go beat that boss down!

Wait what now?
Boast it and toast it and raise your all your glasses
Cuz they all know that I rule all the masses
And I'll just be here doing everything for their sake
Thinking again, the bigger they are
The harder they're overthrown
One up and one up and throw up your hands now!
Partying hard just to watch them all bow down
Hold up a second, didn't hear this at enrollment
My paid vacations are-? Deleted deleted
So now we're waiting for the bating of the breathing and the beating of the
Beastly ol' ultimate boss
Say that we're fighting for a cause because I demand
Say that we're fighting to keep peace over the land
Looking on, fighting from furthest point in the rear
Calling your stats out like you're blind or just can't hear

Fighting for you and maybe fighting for the peasants too
Take a sec to see how hard we fight so you can rule
They're falling one by one around me and I'm flashing red
I knew my levels just weren't high enough yet...
Sorry but your party was wiped out completely, now you're dead
O God in heaven, why? Amen.

Oh! How could they all die? Really a shame.
But I guess I'll give you another try
"If at first you don't succeed!"
But my king!
Don't like the name?
No!... This is insane.

Eeh?!? Dead people don't have any right to complain!

All we got in our castle's stock is really fine to keep us going
Partying guys with crazy high levels
Oh woah, that's pretty awesome, right?
But then again, I stress this one single thing that's ruling as we're
Dueling
Nicely put - oh screw it they're a
Huge moron

This I get now, humans just like fighting battles
And this just a thought (Ok?)
Say we need to work to better, work together?
Is this "The Game of Life" all again?!
To reach the next level, you should probably get
Experience points, with a thousand, you're set
But maybe a backbone wouldn't hurt you to find
Don't you falter this time, this is it now, ok?
Telissa, Borosso, Zanshi, Paronte
All of these magicians used to get your way
Calm and quietly I'm always smiling down at thee
But politely bragging away, I give my scepter a wave
Holit and, Holit and, Holit and, hold it!
It's always this spell and it's spelling out "STUPID"
It puts the mighty king into a mighty deep sleep
And just who do you think you are? This better not be a coup!
Hey I'm no hero, and I think I should add... Wanting a hero played right,
You should just play it yourself!

Say that we're fighting for a cause because I demand
Say that we're fighting to keep peace over the land
Moving on, fighting from furthest point in the front
Seeing approval ratings rocketing from one! (Wait. What the?)
Fighting for views and always fighting for the money too
Take a sec to think about what this king really rules
They're falling one by one around me and you're red as flames
How could they all be dying? Really a shame!
Say that we're fighting for a cause because I demand
Say that we're fighting so your smile always stands
Sliding by, we're always trying harder not to die
Scraping up what info on the evil we can find
And so today, I stay here guarding like I always do
Awaiting one good hero strong enough and true
I know you're thinking that I'm hiding on the throne again
But in the end I know I'm too weak to win
